Delano
so you can't build momentum
you can ride out the Turk
guys lap her team
around here is mechanic
people
so Chad Reed we might just
in with this gentleman
yeah outdoor season
you started
they all seem to feel like they've got a
lot of years supercross
reborn and rejuvenate in his career
super
he wants to break the ball but tell you
right now this
devastating for the number 14 where's
the Chad Reed fans going crazy just
devastating for no one
our candidate for Supercross champ I
tell you you know
Chad Reed in that injured shoulder in
Detroit
he is pretty once again how pretty a
competitor he is
time again over his career going back
over the last few years it's just
tremendous at least battle through oh
yeah no doubt about that just determined
racer in them
super process really
but that's incredible
I
only two seconds
told me earlier this year that one of
the keys is makeup is how stubborn he is
into battle through pain like that yep
yep be very stubborn yet to be able to
block it out
bring two races in a row
I missed one
very long time the other thing that's
going to happen here Kevin Windham can
hang on in finish second is it
in the top five you know 17 reasons to
shoot he'll be the only one to do that
yeah that's an incredible get back to
read there
hip scarf
some of those races in there
quite a bit of pain
titling 13 races shine brass record
and it will be the 35th win for chatting
he continues to march up the ladder of
the Great's it's just just been awesome
practice
we talked to chat earlier as you see the
footboard from his mechanic
that's out of seconds three laps ago and
time to chat about his position lineup
of great secret back way
we third on all times less it's pretty
cool it's not something that's important
to me but something that's very special
I grew up watching these guys race and
you need to be here
and to be third is
I'm not not so far behind RC and he's
the greatest full time I think I raced
in an era
concealer
to me Kevin
you know basically where the full-back
that upon races are lost
since I've been here too
4tube right now but when you find
retires it's very impressive oh yes
Chad Reed
heat race when he was pressuring kwenda
but then he kind of backed off
questionable okay is he gonna ride this
race easy
did not start up front no and I'll tell
you something else or anybody that says
he only won this because James Stewart
was it here they're crazy
Jack Reed came out scoping he was
prepared and ready to go and in the only
time he went head-to-head with James a
splendid one-on-one the eastern win they
were ready to really battled hard this
year and they def
erase the second race
Jeffrey is right there
carry him through this a bit of a bad
spell
chattering wanted to go out on a good
when the right now Williams about
and you just
just starts the slipper
John will be champion is just left he
was that is 11 David filament is in 10th
he is right in front of him speaking of
David already told me earlier today this
he's planning on retiring Supercross
gps and urine next year we wish him luck
and this is the last one for the champ
as the crowds going to go crazy
Jeff what a year and has been for Chad
Reed I mean he has left some other wins
on the tip at Daytona at the back
to sell
Chad Reed busted off his shoulder Ross
riders would still be in tension after a
crash like this Chad Reed damage control
minutes 12th at night
coins here he is Apple App away from a
championship his second in his career
just taking it easy I'm telling you he
is definitely securing his place in the
history of Supercross as one of the
greatest of all well he wanted your boat
for champion and he's just been elected
Chad Reed will do it his second ama
supercross championship he wins their
the celebration begin